	DONE - not sure if 50% of mobile is a good idea

	DONE - "Since, I have worked at startups, but also medium and large sized companies. Later, I co-founded a startup in 2013 called SparkGig out of an accelerator called Velocity."
	I would elaborate more about your achievements like winning vff

	NOPE - I'm a little unsure about having a "technologies used" list for every project/job. It might be better to aggregate that to one section.

	DONE - on the landing screen, the down-arrow should probably help scroll down? (rather than relying on a user to manually scroll) go to http://keyhole.co/hashtag-analytics to see what i mean

	2 - you might want to have a floating index on the left/right side so that visitors know what sections are on the page. otherwise they don't know what other sections exist and what you're about to tell them

	MEH - aside: should it be "beautifully crafting web and mobile experiences" or crafting beautiful web and mobile experiences"? i.e. are you doing it beautifully or are the web and mobile experiences beautiful? 

	MEH - Content is good but in your first summary paragraph add more meat on your actual web and mobile experience

	1 - Resume too spacious mobile

	NOPE - I personally don't like graphs, for that stuff you can say more with less in words

	1 - And highlight your outcomes from Sparkgig more

	1 - if a section has a lot of entries, it may seem really long. there's probably a way to design it so that the section itself isn't really long but still holds all the same info. maybe w/ javascript selections / tabs or something else that looks good too?

	DONE - you can download a white-background logo for keyhole from the blog's header: http://keyhole.co/blog/

	1 - on some resolutions, some of your stuff get cut off before it goes mobile view

	MEH - raphaeljs image is kinda low res, jaggy

	MEH - one thing that I noticed is that some people might find the web and mobile knowledge section a bit arbitrary since there is no defined scale apparent

	MEH - i would take away the 'I'm' and make your subtext under it smaller so it lines up

	DONE - it'd be nice if the down arrow is active or else add small text that says scroll down

	2 - haha i would use a different picture, one that shows your face 

	1 - and on the mobile, your images get cut off for your past work experience

	DONE - Chevron pointing down from the banner should be click-able, and should auto-scroll to the next section. Some ppl were stuck clicking on it for a while

	2 - Bit about me: small detail but maybe try a different profile pic since it's repetitive (already on head banner)

	1 - My Skills: Remove few items will make this section better. What's the most critical skill? I think you can remove maybe half of these to make the viewers really read. 
	Also helps with the mobile size, right now it scrolls too much

	1 - Open source: layout breaks on mobile (placement of logos), same with Experience section.

	MEH - add accessibility

	DONE - contact form

	some notes: that real cool animation on the title page is a slow/laggy in firefox. If this is due to browser performance, consider reducing the number of points for firefox?

	Second page: "A little bit about me" rolls better off the tongue. Also, should be "during my free time"

	Skills page, confused what the percentages mean. Does it mean how much you value it, or how good you think you are (eg. 100% is amazing)? Maybe you could clarify somehow? Also, why is sleep so low? I know there's this whole s/sleep/hack/ thing, but in truth, I feel companies like well balanced individuals.

	For spargig, can you write a short summary ( 1 sentance) of what it is for the first point? Also, can I use it to hire a jazz band for my wedding? for realsies

	DONE - For mozilla, remove fixed bug, and specify which search button, it will sound more impressive

	for plangular, maybe something like this sounds better: "Improved user experience by ensuring that the player remained responsive on page changes"

	Mail checker, specify what spam domains are used for, and what you mean by re-configured library

	For the mac stuff, specify what fixing the constants fixed (made some functions/libraries functional again)?

	For oanda, add in what kind of results: "for hard work and key results"

	"Led the development of a re-design for Exchange Rates for Business" Here, the for sounds out of place. Not sure how I would change it, maybe replace the for with a second 'of'

	For visibli, "Developed parts of the back-end" change parts to components

	Specify what the next web is. Journal?

	"that saved MTV thousands of dollars" change to "that allowed MTV to save thousands of dollars

	DONE - Like the responsive design, maybe reduce the white space here on mobile?

	-----

	Overall looks really awesome man!

	overall the site is fantastic

	My Skills: Really like the info-graphic approach, colorful and fun

	your skills really show

	Things are good - apply to Pivotal! And if you do let me know

	its soooo fucking sexy!!!!!!!

	I like how it's responsive

	i think that man in the background is too handsome

	hey, overall it's pretty good

	other than that it looks good 

	The head banner interactive graphics really cool, everyone liked it!
